README.md, before:

<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish/e4f1c2e0219a17e2c748b824004c8d0b38055c16/docs/logo.svg" align="left" width="144px" height="144px"/>

#### gityaw
> Change Git HTTP remote to SSH.

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square)](/LICENSE)
[![Fish Shell Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/fish-v2.2.0-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square)](https://fishshell.com)
[![Oh My Fish Framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oh%20My%20Fish-Framework-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish)

<br/>


## Install

```fish
omf install gityaw
```


## Usage

```fish
## Convert your remote from HTTPS to SSH
gityaw

## Convert your remote from SSH to HTTPS
gitunyaw
```


# License

[MIT][mit] © [Derek Stavis][author] et [al][contributors]


[mit]:            https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[author]:         https://github.com/derekstavis
[contributors]:   https://github.com/oh-my-fish/plugin-gityaw/graphs/contributors
[omf-link]:       https://www.github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish

[license-badge]:  https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square

Commit message:

feat: Convert Github to Gitlab and vice versa

README.md, after:

<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish/e4f1c2e0219a17e2c748b824004c8d0b38055c16/docs/logo.svg" align="left" width="144px" height="144px"/>

#### gityaw
> Change Git HTTP remote to SSH.

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square)](/LICENSE)
[![Fish Shell Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/fish-v2.2.0-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square)](https://fishshell.com)
[![Oh My Fish Framework](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oh%20My%20Fish-Framework-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish)

<br/>


## Install

```fish
omf install gityaw
```


## Usage

```fish
## Convert your remote from HTTPS to SSH
gityaw

## Convert your remote from SSH to HTTPS
gitunyaw

## Convert from Github to Gitlab
githublab

## Convert from Gitlab to Github
gitblabhub
```

## TODO

See TODO file.


# License

[MIT][mit] © [Derek Stavis][author] et [al][contributors].
Contributors: [BarbzYHOOL][https://github.com/BarbzYHOOL] & [ranisalt][https://github.com/author]


[mit]:            https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[author]:         https://github.com/derekstavis
[contributors]:   https://github.com/BarbzYHOOL/plugin-gityaw/graphs/contributors
[omf-link]:       https://www.github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish

[license-badge]:  https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-007EC7.svg?style=flat-square
